SAK    ←This is the product name btw
There are “words”, then there are words

Audience:
The general public, anyone who on a regular basis needs to translate audio input into text. Common examples being the student taking notes in a lecture (so relatable tbh), a person in a meeting taking down minutes, or a person transcribing an interview.

Problems:
Our world has many forms of auditory communication, such as lectures, meetings, interviews, seminars, or even simple conversations etc. However, with 65% of the general population being visual learners or people who best perceive/internalize things visually, people constantly have to exhaust time, manpower and resources to translate auditory forms of communication into texts or other visual aids. This is unnecessary manpower that is needed to be spent.

Solution:
A software with natural language processing and speech recognition, that can translate speech or other forms of auditory input, into texts. Can be used in a variety of scenarios, not just specific situations.

Assumptions:
People would welcome such a product entirely with the benefits of efficiency and convenience that it brings, as there is a small notion that copying things down for yourself would help you understand and remember it better. Hence, some people might still stick to the traditional fervent pen and paper writing, or the typing on laptops.

Unique Selling Point:
It has a very common and wide-ranging application in many scenarios, and is simple to use. So, there is a very large market and potential customer base to get into.

Competitors:
Sonix
SpeechLogger
SpeechTexter
DragonNaturallySpeaking
Braina
It is worth noting that most competitors only use their speech recognition for functions with more narrow audiences, such as call processing for businesses and customer support, or more B2B or B2C or P2P functions, and not for all-purpose and convenient use by the general public.

Ways to expand:
The product can be used as a way to communicate well with the deaf.

Rudimentary forms of artificial intelligence can be used, where it translates some speech into more advanced visual aid (example being, when you hear a lecturer say something like 70% of INVENT students like memes, and 30% do not like memes, the software will express this figure in the form of a pie chart instead of just text).
